Improve var scoping/hoisting description (#28068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/var/index.md

- Function body
- [Static initialization block](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Static_initialization_blocks)

> Or if neither of these apply:
> 
> - [Module scope](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules) - the scope for code running in module mode. Or
> - [Global scope] - the default scope for all code running in script mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if none of the above applies:

- The current [module](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules), for code running in module mode
- The global scope — the default scope for all code running in script mode.
```

### Hoisting

> `var` declarations, wherever they occur, are processed during JavaScript compilation before any code is executed. Declaring a variable anywhere in the code is equivalent to declaring it at the top. This also means that a variable can appear to be used before it's declared. This behavior is called [_hoisting_](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting), as it appears that the variable declaration is moved to the top of the function or global code.

Reviewer: I try to avoid the concept of "JavaScript compilation" because it's very ambiguous. Is it JIT? Is it realm initialization? Is it source parsing? In fact, `var` declarations are processed as the first step of execution, just before user-visible evaluation. See for examle: https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-source-text-module-record-initialize-environment

Author: The latest changes to "Description" resolve that part of the issue I was concerned about. 

For Hoisting I'm happy to leave out "JavaScript Compilation" altogether. The version below changes
 * the first sentence to imply  "script" means lines of code within a single script source.<br>
 * the last sentence to **not** say that  hoisting may move declarations to the top of global code. 

---

```markdown
### Hoisting
```
var declarations, wherever they occur in a script, are processed before any code for the script is executed. Declaring a variable anywhere in the code is equivalent to declaring it at the top. This also means that a variable can appear to be used before it's declared. This behavior is called [hoisting](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting), as it appears that the variable declaration is moved to the top of the function, static initialization block or script source in which it occurs.

---

[Sorry about proposing the update here if it should have been done as an edit to the PR - this is my first experience of Git work flow.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`var` declarations, wherever they occur in a script, are processed before any code for the script is executed. Declaring a variable anywhere in the code is equivalent to declaring it at the top. This also means that a variable can appear to be used before it's declared. This behavior is called [_hoisting_](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting), as it appears that the variable declaration is moved to the top of the function, static initialization block or script source in which it occurs.
```

So you are proposing the change above? This is okay for me. You can click the commit changes button.

Reviewer: In fact I suggest adding another note to specifically point out about multiple scripts:

```suggestion
`var` declarations, wherever they occur in a script, are processed before any code within the script is executed. Declaring a variable anywhere in the code is equivalent to declaring it at the top. This also means that a variable can appear to be used before it's declared. This behavior is called [_hoisting_](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting), as it appears that the variable declaration is moved to the top of the function, static initialization block, or script source in which it occurs.

> **Note:** `var` declarations are only hoisted to the top of the current script. If you have two `<script>` elements within one HTML, the first script cannot access variables declared by the second one.
```

Author: I think I committed the last suggestion. And immediately noticed the note could be misconstrued to mean "ever".  Here's my suggestion to clarify the note:

> **Note:** `var` declarations are only hoisted to the top of the current script. If you have two `<script>` elements within one HTML, the first script cannot access variables declared by the second one when first executed.

### Hoisting

`var` declarations, wherever they occur in a script, are processed before any code within the script is executed. Declaring a variable anywhere in the code is equivalent to declaring it at the top. This also means that a variable can appear to be used before it's declared. This behavior is called [_hoisting_](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting), as it appears that the variable declaration is moved to the top of the function, static initialization block, or script source in which it occurs.

> > **Note:** `var` declarations are only hoisted to the top of the current script. If you have two `<script>` elements within one HTML, the first script cannot access variables declared by the second one.

Reviewer: 👍 That sounds much more unambiguous.

```suggestion
> **Note:** `var` declarations are only hoisted to the top of the current script. If you have two `<script>` elements within one HTML, the first script cannot access variables declared by the second before the second script has been processed and executed.
```
